Sometimes users might want to change their ranking on a
movie that they have already ranked,
so we have an endpoint set up that allows them to
update an existing ranked movie.
Starting off in our Controller class,
we have our previously-created UpdateMovie method that
calls off to our MovieRankService class.
Inside our method UpdateMovie and the MovieRankService class,
we call off to the UpdateMovie method in our MovieRankRepository class.
Inside our MovieRankRepository class,
we'll be creating a method named UpdateMovie with userId
and MovieUpdateRequest as parameters.
Inside our method, we need to build up an UpdateItemRequest.
We set the TableName, then we set the table's partition and sort key.
We new up a new Dictionary of type string and AttributeValue,
and set our UserId, which is our partition key,
and our MovieName, which is our sort key.
We then want to set the AttributeUpdates.
The attributes that we want to set are the properties that
we want to update on our MovieRank table.
We new up a new Dictionary of type string and AttributeValueUpdate.
We then set the first property we want to update as Ranking.
We need to new up a new AttributeValueUpdate,
and pass in the Action that we want to perform.
In our case, we want to use PUT.
And then set the value we want to update,
the ranking from our updateRequest that was passed in by our user.
We set the same thing for our RankedDateTime and
set the value as DateTime.UtcNow.
Once we have our UpdateItemRequest built,
we can use DynamoDB's UpdateItemAsync method,
and pass in the UpdateItem request.
It's worth pointing out now that we are building a lot of
requests inside the methods in our Repository class,
the UpdateItemRequest, GetItemRequest, PutItemRequest,
etc.
These ItemRequests belong in their own method and class,
something like ItemRequestBuilder; however,
I've added them to the methods inside this class for now to more
clearly show the request that we need to build for each DynamoDB call
that we are using from within our methods.
We will add our newly-created UpdateMovieMethod to our IMovieRankRepository interface.